# -Generative-Adversarial-Networks-GANs-based-on-Convolutional-Neural-Networks-for-Forgery-Detectio
The proposed deep convolutional Generative Adversarial Networks (DCGAN) model trained using celebA dataset and the generator was capable of creating high-quality created fake human face images. And demonstrated GAN-generated image detection by applying five different ImageNet classification models to the job of categorizing real or fake images. The gathered data demonstrates that ImageNet provides a higher level of accuracy and that the produced images are of outstanding quality. 

This thesis proposes a Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Networks (DCGAN), a convolutional architecture based on GAN, that is trained using a generative model capable of creating high-quality photographs of human faces at scale. The proposed model is trained using the CelebFaces Attributes Dataset. The pictures that have been created by the GAN are then sent to a model whose duty it is to determine whether or not an image is "Real" or "Fake." And demonstrates that GAN-generated image detection by applying five different ImageNet classification models i.e. DenseNet, NasNet, ResNet, VGG16 and XceptionNet to the job of categorizing actual and synthetic pictures that are provided as inputs to the ImageNet model. The gathered data demonstrates that ImageNet provides a higher level of accuracy and that the produced images are of outstanding quality. The quality of the photographs produced is comparable based on the increasing quality images in the CelebA dataset, according to experimental results. And the classification of the images presented as inputs for the Imagenet model were able to get good accuracies. However, ResNet had the highest accuracy of 97%.
